F1,Context Help (Show context help)
F11,Toggle Bookmark (Toggle bookmark at the current location)
F12,Jump to Last Tool Window (Activate last focused tool window)
F2,Next Highlighted Error (Navigate to the next highlighted error in the active editor)
F3,Find Next (Repeat the last Find/Replace operation)
F4,Jump to Source (Open editor for the selected item and give focus to it)
F5,Copy... (Create a copy of the selected class, file(s) or directory(es))
F6,Move... (Move the selected class, method, package or static member to another package or class and correct all references)
F7,Move to the next difference (Move to the Next Difference)
F7,Step Into (Step to the next line executed)
F8,Step Over (Step to the next line in this file)
F9,Resume Program (Resume program execution)
INSERT,Toggle Insert/Overwrite
TAB,Choose Lookup Item Replace
TAB,Next Template Variable
alt 1,Project (Activate Project window)
alt 2,Favorites (Activate Favorites window)
alt 4,Run (Activate Run window)
alt 5,Debug (Activate Debug window)
alt 6,TODO (Activate TODO window)
alt 7,Structure (Activate Structure window)
alt 9,Changes (Activate Changes window)
alt BACK_QUOTE,VCS Operations Popup... (Context aware popup with list of commonly used VCS actions)
alt DELETE,Safe Delete... (Delete the selected class, method or field, checking for usages)
alt DOWN,Next Method (Navigate to the next method in the active editor)
alt ENTER,Show Intention Actions
alt F1,Change View... (Choose Project, Sourcepath or Classpath tree in the Project View window)
alt F1,Select In... (Select the current class or method in any view)
alt F10,Show Execution Point (Show the current program execution point)
alt F2,Web Preview...
alt F3,Find... (Find a string in active editor)
alt F7,Find Usages... (Find usages of the symbol at caret)
alt F8,Evaluate Expression... (Evaluate arbitrary expression)
alt F9,Run to Cursor (Run to the line where the caret is)
alt HOME,Jump to Navigation Bar
alt INSERT,Generate... (Generate constructor, getter or setter method, etc.)
alt INSERT,New Folder... (Create new folder)
alt INSERT,New... (Create new class, interface, file or directory)
alt LEFT,Select Previous Tab (Activate previous tab)
alt RIGHT,Select Next Tab (Activate next tab)
alt SLASH,Cyclic Expand Word (Cyclic Expand word)
alt UP,Previous Method (Navigate to the previous method in the active editor)
ctrl 0,Go to Bookmark 0
ctrl 1,Go to Bookmark 1
ctrl 2,Go to Bookmark 2
ctrl 3,Go to Bookmark 3
ctrl 4,Go to Bookmark 4
ctrl 5,Go to Bookmark 5
ctrl 6,Go to Bookmark 6
ctrl 7,Go to Bookmark 7
ctrl 8,Go to Bookmark 8
ctrl 9,Go to Bookmark 9
ctrl A,Select All (Select all)
ctrl ADD,Expand (Expand folding region at caret)
ctrl B,Declaration (Navigate to the declaration of the symbol at caret)
ctrl BACK_QUOTE,Quick Switch Scheme... (Change current code style scheme, color&fonts scheme, keymap or Look&Feel)
ctrl BACK_SPACE,Delete to Word Start
ctrl C,Copy (Copy to clipboard)
ctrl CLOSE_BRACKET,Move Caret to Code Block End
ctrl D,Compare Directories
ctrl D,Duplicate Line or Block
ctrl DELETE,Delete to Word End
ctrl DIVIDE,Comment with Line Comment (Comment/uncomment current line or selected block with line comments)
ctrl DOWN,Previous (Previous console history entry)
ctrl DOWN,Scroll Down
ctrl E,Recent Files (Show list of recently viewed files)
ctrl ENTER,Show Source (Open editor for the selected item)
ctrl ENTER,Split Line
ctrl EQUALS,Expand (Expand folding region at caret)
ctrl F,Find... (Find a string in active editor)
ctrl F1,Error Description (Show description of error or warning at caret)
ctrl F11,Toggle Bookmark With Mnemonic
ctrl F12,File Structure (Popup structure of the current file for quick navigation)
ctrl F2,Stop (Stop process)
ctrl F3,Find Word at Caret (Find next occurrence of the word at caret)
ctrl F4,Close (Close currently focused content)
ctrl F5,Rerun
ctrl F6,Change Signature... (Change signature of the selected method or class and correct all references)
ctrl F7,Find Usages in File (Find usages of the symbol at caret in active editor)
ctrl F8,Toggle Line Breakpoint (Toggle line breakpoint at caret)
ctrl G,Line... (Navigate to a line in editor by its number)
ctrl H,Type Hierarchy (Browse hierarchy for the selected class)
ctrl HOME,Move Caret to Text Start
ctrl I,Implement Methods... (Implement base interface/class methods in the current class)
ctrl J,Insert Live Template... (Show popup list of live templates starting with the specified prefix)
ctrl K,Check In Project
ctrl L,Find Next (Repeat the last Find/Replace operation)
ctrl M,Scroll to Center
ctrl MINUS,Collapse (Collapse folding region at caret)
ctrl N,Class... (Quickly navigate to a class by name)
ctrl O,Override Methods... (Override base class methods in the current class)
ctrl OPEN_BRACKET,Move Caret to Code Block Start
ctrl P,Parameter Info (Show parameters of the method call at caret)
ctrl PAGE_DOWN,Move Caret to Page Bottom
ctrl PAGE_UP,Move Caret to Page Top
ctrl PERIOD,Fold Selection / Remove region (Fold selected block)
ctrl Q,Quick Documentation (Show a popup window with documentation for the symbol at caret)
ctrl R,Replace... (Replace a string in active editor with another string)
ctrl S,Save All (Save all files and settings)
ctrl SLASH,Comment with Line Comment (Comment/uncomment current line or selected block with line comments)
ctrl SPACE,Basic (Complete code)
ctrl SUBTRACT,Collapse (Collapse folding region at caret)
ctrl T,Update Project
ctrl TAB,Switcher
ctrl U,Super Method (Navigate to the declaration of the method that current method overrides or implements)
ctrl UP,Next (Next console history entry)
ctrl UP,Scroll Up
ctrl V,Paste (Paste from clipboard)
ctrl W,Select Word at Caret
ctrl X,Cut (Cut to clipboard)
ctrl Y,Delete Line
ctrl Z,Undo
ctrl alt A,Add to VCS (Add to VCS)
ctrl alt B,Implementation(s) (Navigate to the implementation(s) of the selected class or method)
ctrl alt C,Constant... (Replace selected expression with a constant (static final field))
ctrl alt CLOSE_BRACKET,Next Project Window (Switch to the next project window)
ctrl alt DOWN,Next Occurrence (Navigate to the next occurrence)
ctrl alt E,Browse History (Browse console history)
ctrl alt ENTER,Start New Line Before Current
ctrl alt F,Field... (Put a result of the selected expression into a field)
ctrl alt F12,File Path (Popup path of the current file for opening in external file manager)
ctrl alt F4,Jump to External Editor (Open image in external editor)
ctrl alt F6,Show Code Coverage Data
ctrl alt F7,Show Usages (Show usages of the symbol at caret)
ctrl alt F8,Quick Evaluate Expression (Evaluate selected expression)
ctrl alt F9,Force Run to Cursor (Run to the line where the caret is, ignoring any breakpoints)
ctrl alt H,Call Hierarchy (Browse call hierarchy for the selected method)
ctrl alt HOME,Related File... (Navigate to one of the related or linked files)
ctrl alt I,Auto-Indent Lines (Indent current line or selected block according to the code style settings)
ctrl alt INSERT,New... (Create new class, interface, file or directory)
ctrl alt J,Surround with Live Template... (Surrounds the selection with one of the template)
ctrl alt L,Reformat Code... (Reformat code)
ctrl alt LEFT,Back (Undo last navigation operation)
ctrl alt M,Method... (Turn the selected code fragment into a method)
ctrl alt N,Inline... (Inline the selected method or variable)
ctrl alt O,Optimize Imports... (Remove unused imports and reorder/reorganize imports)
ctrl alt OPEN_BRACKET,Previous Project Window (Switch to the previous project window)
ctrl alt P,Parameter... (Turn the selected expression into method parameter)
ctrl alt PERIOD,
ctrl alt RIGHT,Forward (Redo last undone navigation operation)
ctrl alt S,Settings... (Configure application settings)
ctrl alt SPACE,Class Name Completion (Complete class name and add import for it)
ctrl alt T,Surround With... (Surround selected code fragment with if, while, try/catch or other construct)
ctrl alt UP,Previous Occurrence (Navigate to the previous occurrence)
ctrl alt V,Variable... (Put a result of the selected expression into a variable)
ctrl alt X+E,Evaluate XPath... (Evaluate an XPath expression and highlight the result in the XML-Document)
ctrl alt X+F,Find by XPath... (Find Files by XPath Expression)
ctrl alt X+P,Show unique XPath (Show XPath expression that matches the current node)
ctrl alt Y,Synchronize (Detect all externally changed files and reload them from disk)
shift BACK_SPACE,Backspace
shift DELETE,Cut (Cut to clipboard)
shift DOWN,Down with Selection
shift END,Move Caret to Line End with Selection
shift ENTER,Start New Line
shift ESCAPE,Hide Active Tool Window (Hide active tool window)
shift F1,External Documentation (Open browser with documentation for the selected item)
shift F10,Run (Run)
shift F11,Show Bookmarks (Show list of all bookmarks)
shift F12,Restore Default Layout (Restore default layout)
shift F2,Previous Highlighted Error (Navigate to the previous highlighted error in the active editor)
shift F3,Find Previous (Repeat the last Find/Replace operation in reverse direction)
shift F5,Clone... (Create a copy of the selected class, file or directory in the same package/directory)
shift F6,Rename... (Rename the selected symbol and correct all references)
shift F7,Move to the Previous Difference (Move to the previous difference)
shift F7,Smart Step Into (Step into the particular method)
shift F8,Step Out (Step to the first line executed after returning from this method)
shift F9,Debug (Debug)
shift HOME,Move Caret to Line Start with Selection
shift INSERT,Paste (Paste from clipboard)
shift LEFT,Left with Selection
shift PAGE_DOWN,Page Down with Selection
shift PAGE_UP,Page Up with Selection
shift RIGHT,Right with Selection
shift TAB,Prev Parameter
shift TAB,Previous Parameter
shift TAB,Previous Template Variable
shift TAB,Unindent Selection
shift UP,Up with Selection
shift alt B,Open in Browser
shift alt BACK_SPACE,Redo
shift alt C,Recent Changes
shift alt DOWN,Move Line Down (Move selected lines one line down)
shift alt F,Add to Favorites (Add selected node to favorites)
shift alt F10,Run... (Choose and run configuration)
shift alt F7,Force Step Into (Step into, ignore stepping filters for libraries, constructors, etc.)
shift alt F8,Force Step Over (Step over, disable all breakpoints before stepping.)
shift alt F9,Debug... (Choose and debug configuration)
shift alt I,Inspect Code With Editor Settings (Inspect Code With _Editor Settings)
shift alt INSERT,Column Selection Mode (Toggle column selection mode in current editor)
shift alt L,Load Context...
shift alt LEFT,Select Previous Tab in multi-editor file
shift alt N,Open Task...
shift alt RIGHT,Select Next Tab in multi-editor file
shift alt S,Save Context...
shift alt SLASH,Cyclic Expand Word (Backward) (Cyclic Expand word (Backward))
shift alt T,Switch Task
shift alt T,Switch Task...
shift alt UP,Move Line Up (Move selected lines one line up)
shift alt X,Clear Context
shift ctrl 0,Toggle Bookmark 0
shift ctrl 1,Toggle Bookmark 1
shift ctrl 2,Toggle Bookmark 2
shift ctrl 3,Toggle Bookmark 3
shift ctrl 4,Toggle Bookmark 4
shift ctrl 5,Toggle Bookmark 5
shift ctrl 6,Toggle Bookmark 6
shift ctrl 7,Toggle Bookmark 7
shift ctrl 8,Toggle Bookmark 8
shift ctrl 9,Toggle Bookmark 9
shift ctrl A,Find Action... (Quickly navigate to action by name)
shift ctrl ADD,Expand All (Expand all folding regions)
shift ctrl B,Type Declaration (Navigate to the declaration of the symbol's type at caret)
shift ctrl BACK_SPACE,Last Edit Location (Move through the most recent change points)
shift ctrl C,Copy Paths (Copy paths corresponding to selected files or directories to clipboard)
shift ctrl CLOSE_BRACKET,Move Caret to Code Block End with Selection
shift ctrl DELETE,Unwrap/Remove... (Safely unwraps or removes the selected scope)
shift ctrl DIVIDE,Comment with Block Comment (Comment/uncomment code with block comments)
shift ctrl DOWN,Move Statement Down (Move selected statements one line down)
shift ctrl DOWN,Stretch to Bottom (Resize active tool window to the bottom)
shift ctrl E,Recently Changed Files (Show list of recently changed files)
shift ctrl END,Move Caret to Text End with Selection
shift ctrl ENTER,Choose Lookup Item and Invoke Complete Statement
shift ctrl ENTER,Complete Current Statement
shift ctrl EQUALS,Expand All (Expand all folding regions)
shift ctrl F,Find in Path... (Find a string in multiple files)
shift ctrl F10,Run context configuration
shift ctrl F12,Hide All Tool Windows (Hide all tool windows)
shift ctrl F4,Close Active Tab (Close active tool window tab)
shift ctrl F7,Highlight Usages in File (Highlight usages of the symbol at caret in active editor)
shift ctrl F8,Edit
shift ctrl F8,View Breakpoints... (View and manage all breakpoints and watchpoints)
shift ctrl H,Method Hierarchy (Browse method hierarchy for the selected method)
shift ctrl HOME,Move Caret to Text Start with Selection
shift ctrl I,Quick Definition (Show a popup window with the symbol (and its implementations) content)
shift ctrl INSERT,Paste from History... (Paste from recent clipboards)
shift ctrl J,Join Lines
shift ctrl L,Find Previous (Repeat the last Find/Replace operation in reverse direction)
shift ctrl LEFT,Move Caret to Previous Word with Selection
shift ctrl LEFT,Stretch to Left (Resize active tool window to the left)
shift ctrl MINUS,Collapse All (Collapse all folding regions)
shift ctrl N,File... (Quickly navigate to a file by name)
shift ctrl OPEN_BRACKET,Move Caret to Code Block Start with Selection
shift ctrl PAGE_DOWN,Move Caret to Page Bottom with Selection
shift ctrl PAGE_UP,Move Caret to Page Top with Selection
shift ctrl R,Replace in Path... (Replace a string in multiple files with another string)
shift ctrl RIGHT,Move Caret to Next Word with Selection
shift ctrl RIGHT,Stretch to Right (Resize active tool window to the right)
shift ctrl S,Save As..
shift ctrl SLASH,Comment with Block Comment (Comment/uncomment code with block comments)
shift ctrl SPACE,SmartType (Complete code basing on expected type)
shift ctrl SUBTRACT,Collapse All (Collapse all folding regions)
shift ctrl T,Show Image Thumbnails (Show thumbnails view for current directory)
shift ctrl T,Test (Navigate to the test of the selected class)
shift ctrl TAB,Goto Previous Splitter (Goto previous splitter window)
shift ctrl TAB,Switcher
shift ctrl U,Toggle Case
shift ctrl UP,Move Statement Up (Move selected statements one line up)
shift ctrl UP,Stretch to Top (Resize active tool window to the top)
shift ctrl V,Paste from History... (Paste from recent clipboards)
shift ctrl W,Unselect Word at Caret
shift ctrl Z,Redo
shift ctrl alt C,Copy Reference (Copy reference to selected class, method or function)
shift ctrl alt DOWN,Next Change (Go to next change)
shift ctrl alt F7,Show Usages Settings (Choose scope and edit options for the Show Usages action)
shift ctrl alt H,Configure Current File Analysis... (Show panel to configure highlighting mode for the current file)
shift ctrl alt I,Run Inspection by Name...
shift ctrl alt N,Symbol... (Quickly navigate to any symbol by name)
shift ctrl alt T,Refactor This... (Context aware popup with list of refactoring actions)
shift ctrl alt UP,Previous Change (Go to previous change)
shift ctrl alt V,Paste Simple (Paste without formatting, autoimport, literal escaping etc.)
